Adding support for text elements to be used as test Data for mapping test flow (#655)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/proud-ducks-admire.md

---
'@finos/legend-extension-dsl-text': patch
---

> Make text Packageable elements part of the pruned graphData sent to requests

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Add `text` packagable elements to execution input getter to include in `engine` execution requests. 
````
